smoking kills everyone who smokes knows
but still smoking
you know why, because campaigns against
smoke is the exchange she does not warn about
the worst consequences of tobacco but a
mortadella will end this and it's for now
I've told you a thousand times to stop
smoke because you listen to the ministry
her engine amuses cause
deafness can in the bakery buy a
Cigarette I'll be right back
the mortadela ministry warns who
smoker runs more risk of dying
ran over
I know without haste the light lighter
clothes that have a do with my
woman is none of this I was finding
that I 'm muggle go away from here do not look
behind mor mor's ministry
warns smoking causes tooth loss
The guy who smoked the glass, right?
Pass the phone and the playboy wallet.
I'll wait till you let Victor open.
missed playboy lost was the
ministry of mortadela amuses who
smoker runs more risk of being robbed
to Gustavo you did not buy a condom '
My love, I already had three reais and I had to
buy a cigarette
so let's go without even going any further
this time the mortadela ministry warns
smoking causes unwanted pregnancies seen
risks of r 60 the whole and
It's not like that, you're just talking about
smoking problems but for me by
cigarette example only brought things street
Our lady and I became famous is so
Seeing this guy here behind the March I'm
me and over 50 thousand packs of cigarettes
You know what this is, my friend, I 'm fame.
in the media at the bakery bakery at the bar I
I'm in the people's mouth and theft